ACP-77: Add ConversionID to state (#3481)
ava-labs/avalanchego: vms/platformvm/service.md

  a permissioned subnet. If the Subnet is a PoS Subnet, then `threshold` will be `0` and `controlKeys`
  will be empty.
- changes can not be made into the subnet until `locktime` is in the past.

> - `subnetTransformationTxID` is the ID of the transaction that changed the subnet into an elastic one, if it exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `subnetTransformationTxID` is the ID of the transaction that changed the subnet into an L1, if it exists.
```

Reviewer: realized this is probably only referencing the tx has of `TransformSubnetTx` can this field not be removed from the response since it has been deprecated?

Author: I don't think it makes sense to remove this as part of this PR.
